Need a table/model of a user's recently accessed items (starting with
stock/tradable symbols).  This will be used, e.g., to display links, and
possibly summary data, for the stocks/tradables the user has most recently
visited.

Put symbols, period-types, and perhaps other lists (such as indicators and
analyzers) in MasSession (mas_sessions) to allow short-lived access (i.e.,
no longer than [and possibly much shorter than] the lifetime of a MAS session)
across http requests so that these data don't need to be retrieved from the
MAS server on loading of every MAS-related page (in order to avoid
overloading the MAS server and probably also to make the code a bit
simpler).

Change to implement and use the "time-delimited" version of tradable- and 
indicator-data requests so that the time-period/range for a particular
request can be changed on the fly without needing to change the MAS-server
session configuration (which currently, I believe, can only be done by
logging out and re-logging back into the MAS server).

COMPLETED:

Need to change the period-type-spec start/end date to roll forward relative
the to current date - so that, e.g., a start date picked to analyze data
starting 2 years ago will not become 2-years-plus-one-day the next day,
etc.  The way to do this is probably to use the created-at datetime -
e.g., start-date is today - (created-at - start_date)-days-ago.

We probably need at least two different sets (per user) of
period-type-specs: one (long-range) to use for charts; and one (short-range)
to use for analysis/signal-generation.  This can probably be modeled by
adding a column (named, perhaps, 'purpose' or 'designation') to the
period_type_specs table (and associated PeriodTypeSpec attribute).
